And it's and he's supposed to be cheap,
like in terms of like how he pays workers at the Amazon factor as well.
I would imagine that when it comes to blue origin, his rocket company,
that he is not cheap. Oh, I didn't.
Even know he had a rocket.
Competency, has a rocket company.
Elon Musk. Yeah.
Look at you over these Jeff.
He thinks that he thinks that that space X and Elon Musk are the
hair and he's the tortoise.
So he has launched a rocket the same rocket eight times now and
landed it again. Really? Yeah. Same rocket. The same rocket.
So he's demonstrated multiple reuse.
The problem is that his rocket can't or can only get to the fringes of space.
It can't really get into orbital space.
There he is right here at Jamie. Just pulled it up.
You can look at it right there. Yeah. It, wow. It's that real?
That's a real Jamie, why does it look fake? She haven't seen it before.
I don't know it. Doesn't it look like CGIU well, I sound like Eddie Bravo.
So it could be, but he's actually launched this thing eight times.
What's with the golf ball inside of there. I have no clue.
It's probably demonstrating that it, that it's weightless.
The extraordinary time of super genius is dude. Incredible.
And this is how it lands. It lands the same way. That's exactly.
Got it. That's incredible.
And Elan says Elan's been landing his rockets and he wants to
read and he's been reusing them.
I think he's done 11 reuses so far something like that.
But Ilan is saying that he's going to get so precise in his landings that the
rockets will land precisely on the brackets from which they took off.
Wow. Yeah. Yeah.
And that was on the same pad. I mean,
there was a fairly small pad that the Bezos rockets.
So basis is a very well-controlled rocket. Elan's you,
you saw after the Falcon heavy launch,
the pictures of the two boosters landing simultaneously within a
hundred yards of each other. Oh,
you have to bring that up sometime because it's an astonishing.
Bayzos is, uh, the Amazon prime videos they're putting out,
they're putting out some really great shows.
They're putting out a lot of standup comedy now as well,
which they're trying to somewhat compete with Netflix. And if you have a, a,
there it is right there.
Just heavy. Well though, that's that's it? Yeah. That's the money shot.
Yeah. Wow. That's incredible landing simultaneously. Unbelievable. Yeah.
So the goal here is up until now, NASA,
which has been dumbed down so much,
it's ridiculous by Congress and the Senate because Congress and the Senate are
insist on designing their own rockets and ordered Bruce jobs programs not to
get us to space. Um.
Is that what the problem is, is it's a funding issue too, right?
It's like you have to have immediate results for the amount of money that you
put on.
Worse than that. The there's a little thing called the Alabama mafia.
It's a bunch of senators and congressmen from Texas and Colorado and Ms.
Mississippi and all the states that have rocket jobs.
And they have designed a rocket called the space launch system,
and it's going to cost $30 billion to design it. And it's a throwaway rocket.
So it's going to cost one to $2 billion for each flight.
You think this is intentional? Um, it's intentionally yes.
It's intentionally stupid. He thinks that, yeah,
because it's designed for jobs and the result is we Americans haven't
had access to space on American made vehicles since 2011.
That's a long time now, um, when we do get access to manned space,
it's going to come from Milan mosque.
It's not going to come from any of the major space companies.
And $3 billion a year is sunk into this space launch system,
this Turkey and another Turkey called the Orion and that's money that needs.
We need that money to actually design habitats on the moon,
to design mining equipment, to mine,
the ice on the moon and turn it into a rocket fuel and breathable oxygen and
drinkable water. And there are tons of things we need,
but NASA is not producing them because it's trying to compete with Elan and Jeff
Elan and Jeff know secret. If I volunteered to fly you to New York city,
and I told you, I'm going to do this for free.
I'm not going to charge you a penny. All you have to pay are the expenses.
And then I bought you a Boeing 7 37 for
$325,000 and allowed you and one friend to get into this thing.
And then I flew to New York and then I flew the plane out into the Atlantic,
over the Atlantic and plowed it into the Atlantic ocean and discarded it. Now,
when, but I'm doing this all without charging you anything you realize.
So when you want to fly back from New York to California,
I'll buy you another 7 37, another $325,000,
um, and fly you back.
And then I'll fly the 7 37 out over the Pacific and I will ditch it.
This is the way we do space at NASA right now.
So how much would it cost you per ticket for you on a friend to go from
LA to New York and back again,
approximately $325,000 per ticket.
How often would you fly from New York to, from LA to New York?
Not very often if ever.
So that's what NASA is doing with the space launch system.
And it's gobbling up so much money.
There's no funding left for the stuff we really need to do. Do you think.
It would be better if they just privatized the entire venture?
It would be better if they offered what are called cots programs,
where you ask companies to bid on getting a rocket wherever you want it to go
and doing with that rocket, whatever you want it to do.
And then let Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos and United launch
Alliance, which is a big company underwritten by the government. That is, uh,
I can never remember the names of the companies,
but it's Boeing and Lockheed Martin combined and allow them all
to bid on this. Um, because Elan is going to bring it in for a 10th.
The cost Elan has developed the Falcon heavy for approximately $2 billion.
He's developed all of his rockets for approximately $2 billion for all of them.
It's crossing NASA $30 billion to develop a Turkey. Now.
How do they keep doing that in the face of these guys like Elon Musk and Jeff
Bezos.
Congressmen and senators don't care,
they simply want to maintain the jobs in their districts.
Plus if they feed the Smick, the space military industrial complex,
the space military industrial complex will kick back contributions to their
campaign funds as a result. So this is a,
an evil spiral, um,
buzz Aldrin calls these the Darth Vader's of space for Lockheed Martins and
Northrop Grumman's and the big aerospace swept traditional aerospace
contractors. So, um,
congressmen sent a certain number.
It's a cabal of senators and congressmen who are screwing us up because a
country, a country that dreams big gets big. A country that looks up,
goes up a country that looks down, goes down. We've covered.
We become accustomed to looking down because we don't have that
glorious option. The moon is way behind us. Um, BAAs and,
and Neil Armstrong walking on the moon. That's a long time ago.
That's two generations, two and a half generations ago.
And kids in America have lost that dream of creating a paradise above the
sky because NASA is abandoned them.
And it's mass has been forced to abandon them by these congressmen and senators
who steal this money from the NASA budget. But if that money were used,
look that $3 billion a year would mean that you could develop an entire Elon
Musk pace program and launch roughly 20 rockets.
This is the issue, the, the actual engineers and the scientists themselves.
I mean, they must.
Obviously politicians, right?
But the politicians are they able to dictate what the actual scientists and
engineers create say, Hey, you must create something that is disposable.
Uh, yes.
But is that really a conversation that's taking place?
Yes, because these guys have said, okay, we want to use, um, a space shuttle,
leftover space, shuttle technology. And we, and they,
they mapped out the specifications of the rocket that they want.
These guys are doing what? Yes, that's right. How's that possible? Oh,
it's easy. That seems disgusting. They control the budget.
And one of the trucks that they smack the space military industrial complex has
known for a long time is you try to parcel our jobs to as many states
as possible. So major programs like the, the latest,
uh, fighter, um, that the air force,
the Navy are being told to use. Um,
those represent jobs in roughly 45 states. Each,
that means that if you're Lockheed Martin and you want to keep your contract for
a plane,
that people are claiming can lose to a 1951 era MIG,
um, all you have to do is hit the congressmen and senators from those 47 states.
And they'll all back you. Why?
Because they're counting on your campaign contributions,
where are you going to get the money to give them a campaign contributions from
that billion to $3 billion nipple per year,
that NASA has been forced to extend you or that the air force has been forced to
extend to you. It's a very corrupt system, that's a dirty system.
And it means that the Russians and the Chinese can develop equivalent aircraft,
for example, for one 10th, the price and deliver them for one 10th, the price.
And where we would be. I mean, you're totally talking about two super geniuses,
Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk imagine where it would be if they didn't exist.
And exactly the odds are very high that they wouldn't have.
Uh, the odds are very high that somebody could do away with them.
It would be fairly easy. Hey, don't even put that out there. Yeah. Well,
the Trump.